Everyone, attack!
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
How many did we lose?
Fourteen people died.
You've gotta be kidding me.
There are still 25 floors left to clear.
Can we really make it all the way to the top?
Kirito-kun?
Kirito-kun, what are you—
System-granted immortality?
What is the meaning of this, Commander?
This man's HP gauge is protected by the system
so that it never drops into the yellow zone.
Ever since I got stuck here, there was one thing I didn't get.
"Where is he observing us and controlling the world from?"
But I'd overlooked something obvious.
It's something even a child would know.
There's nothing more boring than watching others play an RPG from the sidelines.
Don't you agree,
Kayaba Akihiko?
For future reference, mind sharing how you figured it out?
The first time I suspected
something was during our duel.
In that last split second, you moved far too quickly.
I guessed as much.
That was a mistake on my part.
Overwhelmed by your attacks,
I carelessly activated the system's over-assist mode.
Yes, I am Kayaba Akihiko.
And if I may add,
I'm also the final boss who was supposed to await you all on the top floor.
That's one twisted scenario.
Turning the strongest player into the ultimate boss...
Not a bad twist, don't you think?
I expected that the one who'd be standing before me at the end would be you.
The Dual-Wielding skill is granted to the player with the fastest reflexes,
who would then become the hero that confronts the demon king.
However, your strength has exceeded my expectations.
Well, I suppose such unexpected events are what make MMORPGs so enjoyable.
You had our loyalty... our hopes...
How dare you... How dare you...
How dare you!
Paralysis?
Kirito-kun...
What are you planning?
Are you going to kill us all to conceal the truth?
God, no.
I wouldn't do something so unreasonable.
It seems I have no choice.
Within the Ruby Palace on the top floor, I shall await for your arrival.
It's a shame that I have to abandon
the Knights of the Blood, from which I raised from nothing,
as well as the rest of the Clearing Group partway.
No matter.
With your skills, I'm sure you'll make it.
But before we part ways...
Kirito-kun. You deserve a reward for uncovering my identity.
I'll offer you a chance.
A chance?
The chance to fight me one-on-one, right here, right now.
Naturally, I will disable my immortality.
Defeat me, and the game will be cleared,
allowing all players to log out.
How about it?
Don't do it, Kirito-kun.
For now... For now, just stand down.
Not on my life.
Fine by me. Let's settle this.
Kirito-kun!
I'm sorry, but I can't back down now.
You're aren't going... to die, right?
Yeah.
I'll win no matter what.
I'll beat him, and put an end to this world.
All right.
I believe in you, Kirito-kun.
Kirito!
Agil.
Thanks for all of your support towards the swordsman class.
I know that virtually all of your profits
go into the training of players on the middle floors.
Klein.
I'm sorry... for leaving you behind that day.
Goddamn it, Kirito!
Don't you apologize to me!
Don't you dare apologize right now!
I won't forgive you...
Not until you treat me to a meal in the real world, you hear?!
Sure thing.
See you on the other side.
If you don't mind, I have a request.
What is it?
I don't plan to go down easily,
but if I die,
I want you to ensure that Asuna cannot commit suicide, at least for a while.
Very well.
Kirito-kun, don't say that!
You can't... You can't do this to me!
Kirito-kun!
This is not a duel.
This is a fight to the death.
That's right. I'm going to...
kill him!
He's the one who designed the Dual-Wielding skill.
He can predict all of the combos built into the system.
I can't rely on Sword Skills. I can only trust in myself!
Faster...
I have to move faster!
I'm sorry, Asuna.
Live on without me.
Farewell, Kirito-kun.
It can't be.
Asuna. You can't... You can't just...
I'm sorry.
Goodbye.
My, what a surprise.
It shouldn't be possible to recover from paralysis independently.
I guess these things happen too.
This is... it...
I believe in you, Kirito-kun.
Not yet.
I'm not done yet!
Was that... enough?
As of November 7th, 2:55 PM,
the game has been cleared.
The game has been cleared.
Commencing final phase
Where am I?
Kirito-kun?
Sorry. I died too.
You idiot.
Where are we?
Quite the view, isn't it?
Kayaba Akihiko.
As we speak, on the fifth basement floor of Argus HQ, the memory banks in the SAO mainframe
is being purged of every byte.
In another ten minutes, everything in this world will be deleted.
What happened to the players in there?
No need to worry.
Moments ago, all 6147 surviving players were successfully logged out.
What about the dead?
What about the four thousand players who lost their lives?
They will never regain consciousness.
No matter what world we are in, the dead do not return.
Why?
Why did you do all this?
Why, you ask?
For a long time, I'd forgotten.
I wonder why.
When I began developing the
Full-Dive Environment System—
No, long before that, I lived longing for nothing but to create that castle—
a world that surpasses the laws and boundaries of reality.
And now,
I've borne witness to someone who's
surpassed even my own world's laws.
I wonder how old I was when I became entranced by that steel castle floating in the sky.
I wanted to leave the earth behind
and go to that castle.
For a long, long time, that was my only desire.
You see, Kirito-kun,
I still believe.
In some other world, that castle truly exists.
Yeah, it'd be nice if it did.
That reminds me.
Congratulations on clearing the game,
Kirito-kun, Asuna-kun.
Now then, I'll be on my way.
I guess this is goodbye.
No,
it isn't.
We'll disappear together as one,
so we'll never part again.
Hey, before that, tell me your name.
Your real name.
Kirigaya.
Kirigaya Kazuto.
I think I turned sixteen last month.
Kirigaya Kazuto-kun...
So you are younger than me.
My name is Yuuki Asuna.
I'm seventeen.
Yuuki... Asuna...
Yuuki Asuna.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I promised that I'd send you back...
to the real world...
But I...
I...
It's okay.
Don't cry.
I'm glad.
I was able to meet you and live together with you.
It was the happiest time of my life.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love...
Asu...na...
Asuna...
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru